Deepnote release blog (#504)
objectiv/objectiv.io: blog/2022-07-27 Release Deepnote support.md

---
title: "Release: Objectiv now has support for Deepnote"
description: "Objectiv now supports Deepnote: collaborate on notebooks that are powered by Objectiv’s high quality product analytics data and pre-built models."
slug: release-objectiv-now-has-support-for-deepnote/
tags: [releases]

> image: /img/open-graph/og-objectiv-deepnote.png

Reviewer: TODO: Add OG image

Reviewer: Fixed

authors: ivarpruijn
---

<head>
  <meta property="og:title" content="Release: Objectiv now has support for Deepnote" />
</head>

import BlogImage from '@site/src/components/blog-image'
import JoinSlackLink from '@site/src/components/join-slack-link';
import VimeoPlayer from '@site/src/components/vimeo-player';

[office-hours]: https://calendly.com/objectiv_io/objectiv-office-hours

<intro>

Objectiv now supports Deepnote: collaborate on notebooks that are powered by Objectiv’s high quality product analytics data and pre-built models. 

</intro>

<!--truncate-->

At Objectiv, we’ve been fans of [Deepnote](https://deepnote.com/) for a while and have been using it internally to collaborate on notebooks. We’re happy to announce Objectiv now has built-in support for Deepnote.

**What this means:**

> * All [example notebooks](https://objectiv.io/docs/modeling/example-notebooks/) (that can be used as a boilerplate for your own analyses) can be run in Deepnote directly without additional setup
> * Full support for [all pre-built models & functions](https://objectiv.io/docs/modeling/open-model-hub/) in the open model hub
> * Instructions in our documentation on how to use Deepnote with Objectiv

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* All [example notebooks](https://objectiv.io/docs/modeling/example-notebooks/) (that can be used as a boilerplate for your own analyses) can be run in Deepnote directly without additional setup.
* Full support for [all pre-built models & functions](https://objectiv.io/docs/modeling/open-model-hub/) in the open model hub.
* Instructions in our documentation on [how to use Deepnote with Objectiv](https://objectiv.io/docs/modeling/open-model-hub/models/).
```

# Example notebooks

> All our [example notebooks](https://objectiv.io/docs/modeling/example-notebooks/) will work directly with Deepnote. Just get them from our [repo](https://github.com/objectiv/objectiv-analytics) and [import them into Deepnote](https://docs.deepnote.com/importing-and-exporing/importing-data-to-deepnote#:~:text=Uploading%20an%20existing%20notebook%20to,these%20files%20into%20the%20filesystem.).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All our [example notebooks](https://objectiv.io/docs/modeling/example-notebooks/) will work directly with Deepnote. Just get them from our [repo](https://github.com/objectiv/objectiv-analytics/tree/main/notebooks) and [import them into Deepnote](https://docs.deepnote.com/importing-and-exporing/importing-data-to-deepnote).
```

Here is a retention analysis example from our basic product analytics notebook, running as an app in Deepnote:

<BlogImage url="/img/blog/releases/20220727/deepnote-retention.png" 
  size="large" 
  caption="Retention analysis, powered by Objectiv. {1}"
  captionLinks={[
    {text: 'Click to open in Deepnote.', to: 'xxx'}

>   ]}/>

Reviewer: To fix, also the link in the caption

But you can also use it for more advanced use cases, i.e. logistic regression modeling to predict user behavior:

<BlogImage url="/img/blog/releases/20220727/deepnote-lr.png" 
  size="large"  
  caption="Predicting user behavior with logistic regression. {1}"
  captionLinks={[
    {text: 'Click to open in Deepnote.', to: 'xxx'}

>      ]}/>

Reviewer: To fix, also the link in the caption
